Add new check which finds duplicate except clauses (#258)
PyCQA/flake8-bugbear: README.rst

N.B. this rule currently does not flag `suppress` calls to avoid potential false
positives due to similarly named user-defined functions.

> **B023**: Try with duplicate exceptions caught.
> If a exception is specified multiple times in the same or other except clauses in the same
> try-except statement, only the first specification is considered.
> All others can be removed.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**B023**: ``try-except`` block with duplicate exceptions found.
This check identifies exception types that are specified in multiple ``except`` 
clauses. The first specification is the only one ever considered, so all others can be removed.
```

Lets try and be explicit as we can here so people can understand how to fix it.
